well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so I've been in Vegas that's
that's where I've been
sir I've missed the last few days thank
you for the messages of concern I'm fine
I went out to Vegas to speak at a
conference called anarcho Vegas
his unique experience for me because I
normally don't I don't normally do big
events like that I don't go to these
conferences this is the first time I've
ever done one as we're driving out there
impressive and Taco Bell and as I'm
placing my order the guy he looks up and
he's like no way YouTube yeah I said
there and I talked to him for a minute
and we're in this small town and he's
talking about the things that we talk
about on this channel and I can tell
that he may not have a lot of people
around him that he can talk to about it
and this little incident feeds and
everything else that happens on this
trip for me the first night of the
conference is a fundraiser for the free
Ross campaign if you're not familiar
with this it's definitely something
worth looking into the hashtag free Ross
he he got a pretty raw deal and you have
to look a little bit deeper into what
actually happened rather than just the
press releases on this but he got a
pretty raw deal and we were raising
money for his legal-defense but this
fundraiser occurred in the penthouse of
a 40-story building in Vegas most of the
people around us at this event there's
probably 150 of them they are people who
attempt to use the market to affect
social change there there are
entrepreneurs in some way but there are
entrepreneurs with some form of
conscience and they're there hoping that
their product or their company
can help advance the cause of freedom
that that's the main person at this
thing and then there's a handful of
Street activists there and of course we
clump together like we're on a lifeboat
because we are way out of our element
after the fundraiser I'm standing
outside with this guy who I've known for
a few years and didn't ask his name to
see if I could use his name in this
organ call him Johnny Johnny and I are
standing outside on the patio and we're
looking out over the city and without
saying anything we're both thinking the
same thing and we both know we're
thinking the same thing somewhere down
there
four hundred and something feet below us
there's something that we need to be
mixed up in and instead we're up here
and it's not a slight against the people
at this conference at all it's a
difference in tactics and as the
conference went on I watched and to be
honest I shouldn't have been speaking at
this thing I should have been in the
crowd because I learned a lot you know
the fact that I am NOT a big conference
type of person doesn't mean these things
are bad if you have that entrepreneurial
streak if you are looking to develop a
for purpose company you want to develop
an app to advance the cause of freedom
you want to get into crypto currency you
want to use technology in some way to
fight for social change you need to be
at these events because the people
around you the people that will be
sitting beside you they've done it and I
learned a whole lot probably more than I
contributed while I was there
but it led me to realize that I was
violating my own rules you know my own
advice when people ask me you know I
don't know where to get involved I don't
know where to start I was telling you
know look at your skill set what are you
good at that's where you need to be I'm
not a big conference guy I'm somebody
that's good at building networks
building community networks small
informal gatherings that's what I'm good
at
rule 303 if you have the means you have
the responsibility I have the means to
travel to locations and help do this so
we're looking at starting to do it the
first locations we're looking at are
going to be in the deep south and the
reason we want to do this is because
when we talk about building these
community networks you look in the
comments the most common response is I
don't know anybody else that would want
to be in that network if we show up to a
city everybody who shows up to an event
about building the community network
that's your network that's where you can
start and if we do it in an informal
manner and get everybody together you
can start right there and rather than it
being a lecture it's a conversation and
I think that that will help speed things
along
and then hopefully there won't be a guy
at Taco Bell that doesn't have somebody
else in that same mindset
so we're going to start looking at doing
this we're going to start in the deep
south and as we get all the details and
logistics hammered out we're going to
spread out
that's that's the current plan and this
all came from attending this large
conference but again if you are part of
that community and you want to widen
your network and you want to get
involved and try to influence society
through the market you need to be
attending these things you need to be
going because you can learn a lot I sure
did anyway we'll be back to our
regularly scheduled programming here
probably tomorrow I guess it's just a
thought I'll have a good night